I am attempting to run seven marathons
on all seven continents
in one week.
Because I wanted to see what kind of
person I could become by attempting
something I think is impossible.
>> [music]
>> In the last episode, I finished the
first two races only narrowly completing
in Antarctica before the dreaded cut-off
time.
Welcome to episode two of the Great
World [music] Race, where me and the 60
other racers are about to board a
private jet to Perth, Australia [music]
for race number three. And this is when
everything changes.
>> Walking up to the plane is a bit
surreal. It's massive. It's humongous.
>> What's the sex and sharing? [music]
>> Come on, Chad. Let's go.
>> Ready to lay down in this chair?
>> Getting on a PJ in your PJs.
>> Can't beat it.
>> It's like a party in the sky, honestly.
>> This is sort of like our cabin [music]
in the sky that we're going to be
camping out in for the next six days.
>> Juice, I'm so happy.
>> [laughter]
>> Orange juice? What the the
champagne? Proper hydration.
Chairs.
>> How long you guys been here? You guys
got slippers on.
>> [laughter]
>> At this point, we finished two marathons
and the journey is about to begin.
>> Do [music] you think any of the
marathons are going to be harder than
Antarctica?
>> I've heard Perth is supposed to be
night.
You'll probably struggle with the heat.
>> Now knowing that this is going to be
[music] the biggest temperature jump of
the entire race, I need to make sure I
recover as efficiently as possible. The
problem is we only have 9 hours until we
land in Perth, and the plane's resources
are already being stretched thin, like
sharing only a couple bathrooms between
[music] 60 runners.
>> About to land in Australia for marathon
number three.
We I like 6 hours of sleep, and [music]
I have five more races.
>> Folks,
we're going to be starting in 10 minutes
at the aid stations. There's a small
section assigned to everybody, so you
can bring out your gels and your
recovery stuff, water, salt tablets.
Starting in 10 minutes.
>> Oh my god.
There's just like no time.
>> Oh, man.
That's how to be alive.
>> So, we're looking at 22 minutes.
>> Same as Cape Town, 25 to 30 minutes per
loop.
And I also think one gel per loop to
start with. Just start slow cuz you're
you're warming up, right? You're warming
[music] up.
>> Yeah, it's hot.
>> All right. Brilliant. We got We got
this.
>> DK!
Let's go.
I genuinely cannot believe this is
actually about to happen. Like,
it is so relentless. Tarik is in his
suit again.
>> How did How How does it look so good,
too?
>> I'll see you very cold day yesterday. A
nice warm day for you today. It is hot
out there, okay? Take it nice and relax
in the first couple of laps. Do not go
into the red zone. Plenty of sunscreen,
water, and salt are your friends. Take a
salt tablet on every lap. Good best of
luck. We'll get [music] you started.
Okay.
>> Let's go!
>> Three,
two,
one, go!
>> The Great World Race, the event [music]
arriving in Perth with racers braving
the West Australian sun only hours after
arriving from the icy plains of the
Antarctic.
>> First Cape [music] Town, then
>> Antarctica, now sunny Perth. These
runners are flying around the world.
Racers having to acclimatize [music]
quickly to today's heat. Only yesterday
they were battling temperatures of -27°
[music]
with wind chill. The race's most famous
competitor, YouTube star Michelle Carey.
>> Breaking news. Attempting seven
marathons on all seven continents in one
week is extremely hard.
>> The media star happy to have arrived
down under after the freezing
conditions.
The first leg of this marathon series
starts here on Burswood Peninsula
following a 3.5 km loop going all the
way up top the stadium and then back
around for 12 laps.
>> Everybody starts off really strong, but
nobody really was prepared for the heat.
>> I really feel like today.
Oh my god.
>> So you can see the fatigue. [music]
Everyone is honestly just beat.
>> Do we have any more Red Bull she can
actually drink for performance needs if
she wants it now?
>> Okay, let's go. Let's do this.
>> [screaming]
>> So you're on the table?
>> Oh, yeah.
>> What's going on?
>> I'm going to kill these guys.
>> What's your injury going on?
>> Uh-oh.
>> Yeah.
It was really, really bad on the table.
>> I noticed people starting to fall off.
>> Are you cramping?
>> Yeah, dude. My legs are just cycling
like I can't even run, but the inside of
my knee hurts pretty bad.
>> I've been paying attention to the two
leaders, Paul and David, and [music]
David's walking and he looks miserable.
>> Come on, David. Keep going.
Come on, DK.
Did you know he
got a metal ankle this man in Peru?
He was doing an ultra.
>> I was in the middle of running this race
across a portion of the Amazon.
It's called the Jungle Ultra. It's
always ranked one of the toughest ultras
in the world. I was coming down one of
the steep mountains
and I ended up twisting my ankle
sideways.
My bones were splaying out and it tore
all of my ligaments. I ended up having
to camp out for 3 days before they could
evacuate me out of the jungle. Uh so two
screws and a plate, but you know what?
We're going to send it.
>> [cheering]
>> Oh, man.
Oh, that's awesome.
I'll take that.
Oh, shoot.
>> How you doing?
>> I'm glad it's over.
>> Yeah.
It's not over for you.
>> I know. I'm sorry. I can't feel that bad
for you. You're always like 30 minutes
ahead of me.
Or an hour.
>> You getting back up there?
You finished?
>> All right, mate.
I'll see.
>> Have you actually How many laps have you
gone?
>> Yeah, yeah. I got two more laps.
>> Two more laps?
>> You coming with?
>> I told you you can keep up.
>> Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> I actually Honestly, it's true.
It's true.
>> Here's Michelle.
>> My body feels completely depleted.
I haven't showered since Africa. It's
really hard in the middle of attempting
an Everest [music] like this to feel
motivated for the final summit when
you're only at base camp one.
And that's how this [music] feels.
>> Red Bull?
>> How is everyone still going?
>> You're not You're not last at all,
brother. You're doing fine.
>> [music]
>> Okay, bring bring it up there in terms
of your mind now. Just get into that
good space.
>> Pretty much everybody is walking today.
I really support you in that.
Cuz we still have
four more after this.
>> Oh, Jackie.
>> Come on, you got this.
>> Yeah.
So, I decide to walk. And as I'm [music]
walking, just ahead of me I see someone
who I think is one of the most
interesting runners [music]
of this group.
Can I walk with you for a minute?
>> Sure.
>> Okay.
>> What's your name?
>> Michelle. And yours?
>> Dan.
>> Say hi to the people.
>> Hey, hi.
My name is Dan Little from Madill,
Oklahoma. And this will actually be
uh the fourth time I've done the Great
World Race.
>> Dan, have you
done this before?
>> This is my fourth time.
>> [laughter]
>> I thought, there's no way that I can do
seven marathons in 7 days, but I tell my
grandchildren, one of my favorite
sayings is
is fooey on fof.
F O F, fear of failure. I will train, I
will show up, I will do my best, and my
grandkids will then see that Poppy
uh even though he didn't get to finish,
it was a great experience,
and it's it was fine to fail.
You know, lo and behold, I finished.
>> So, what advice do you have for me cuz
I'm dying right now, Dan?
>> Okay. My advice generally is
start slowly,
and then slow down.
>> [laughter]
>> That's amazing.
>> 82 or
however old you are.
>> You're 82?
>> I'm 82.
I'll be 83 next week.
>> So, you're a [music] Scorpio.
>> Maybe. [laughter]
I'll take your word for it.
>> Dan Little is a legend, icon. Dan is
pretty much out there the entirety of
every single day.
>> [music]
>> So, he is pretty much last man on
course. He's showing what's actually
possible when you put your mind and your
heart and your soul [music] into
something.
>> It's just amazing what
we humans can do, particularly when we
join together,
and you know, and support each other. I
mean, the best thing I ever did, the
luckiest thing I ever did,
um was was to marry Prudence.
In addition to being brilliant [music]
and beautiful, Prudence was mentally and
emotionally a 10.
She fought four primary cancers for 35
years,
but she was so brave
that those 35 years were 35 wonderful
years. So, even though we were fighting
four primary cancers,
it just made us appreciate each and
every day so much more.
>> Yes.
>> I'm really [music] privileged to get to
challenge myself all the time and grow
from it, but I find the most joy in
completing a project, [music] crossing
the finish line.
>> Come on, here we go. Here we go,
Michelle.
>> Uh even if I fail at a challenge, just
wrapping it up and completing it,
but I've never really been good at
finding the joy
in the pain to get there. So, today I
really wanted to try and
find that.
>> [music]
>> That's number three. Well done.
>> I got to walk with Dan,
and he was [music] just amazing. This is
his fourth time doing the Great Wall
Race.
And he told me just about this beautiful
life he [music] had with his wife before
she passed from cancer.
How are you doing, Dan?
>> Ready to go.
>> Almost finished.
>> Okay.
>> Keep going.
>> I've got one more.
>> He is out here walking, and he spends
the most time moving compared to anyone
else. And so, it's just really inspiring
to see someone who spends the most time
on the have such a positive attitude.
>> I have really always loved Perth,
Australia.
And
up until this year, we'd always run it
at night time.
>> It was
superb. It was superb.
>> But if you were slow enough, you would
get to see the sunrise
over the river. [music]
But somebody's got to be the oldest and
the slowest, and I'm proud to be it.
>> Dan!
Congratulations!
That was so amazing.
>> What?
>> You're incredible.
>> day.
>> A [laughter] fun day.
>> going?
>> You really got me through a rough patch
I was having,
so thank you.
>> [music]
>> Living on this plane for the past
several days has been quite the
adventure.
Um because it means we're getting ready
in airplane bathrooms.
Jay thing.
We're stretching in the aisles. We're
mixing our drinks in the flight
attendant catering area.
And none of our is charging, and it
looks like this.
It's kind of like [music]
camping in a way. Like we're on a big
old school field trip, all sleeping in
the same room together.
There is
no privacy, [music]
but also there's a lot of camaraderie,
which is really special.
>> Good morning, everyone. Thanks for your
attention. This is Tark, your
tux-wearing, crazy runner.
>> I have a poster
at the No Humans Allowed that we're
going to pass around.
>> I grabbed the speaker, and I got
everyone's attention, and I [music]
said, "I'd like for you to put your your
bib number and one motivational
sentence." I wanted to create something
that everybody could touch. I wanted
something to take home and to be able to
share and and connect with.
>> Surround yourself with relentless humans
and climb together. Stefanie.
You did. What do you think?
>> That really resonates.
>> Roberta.
Everything is easy after [music]
Antarctica. I agree with that.
I wrote, "What a privilege it is to be
challenged." [music]
>> [music]
[music]
>> We're in Abu Dhabi, I guess. What day is
it? What time is it? Where am I? I
barely know.
We're going to have like 20 minutes to
change and then immediately [music] get
outside.
And it's going to be another really hot
race.
>> [music]
>> I was in a cast like
2 months ago.
You going to sign my cast?
>> [laughter]
>> When I
posted on social media that [music] I
was doing this, I was really excited to
do it because
our
>> [music]
>> community, like the challenge accepting
community, who you've seen come to the
events now,
>> Yes.
>> is really amazing and supportive. Like
really, really lucky.
>> [music]
>> But the Tik Tok I posted went viral
exterior to our community.
>> Ah.
>> And so all of the comments, thousands of
comments, are "You're [music] actively
hurting yourself. This is
irresponsible."
Like, you know, several comments that
are like, "I'm a registered nurse and
[music] you're going to get
rhabdomyolysis." Nick, what does your
watch say today?
>> My watch is telling [music] me rest. No
workout due to excessive fatigue.
>> Oh my god. It was kind of discouraging
because I [music] had wanted to post to
our community to share with them what I
was doing and also selfishly [music]
receive support cuz I was scared about
this. And so I I sometimes feel like
when I'm out there and I'm struggling or
going slower or [music] people are
passing me that I'm just proving them
right.
>> Yeah, the comments on that Tik Tok thing
are often just driven by jealousy. So
you when you're running you're going to
focus [music] on
your community, what it means to them.
>> Can I say hi? Oh my gosh.
>> It's my absolute pleasure to come and
see you.
>> Oh my gosh.
Wait, what's your name?
>> I'm Gina.
>> Gina, it's so nice to meet you. Thank
you so much for coming.
>> You're you're you're superwoman.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Can I take a picture with you?
>> Of course.
>> When people come [music] out to see her
it really lifts her, makes her so
joyful.
>> Yay!
>> That's when she gets back into ah, this
[music] is the difference I'm making.
These people care. This is where the
love really is. And these are the people
whose lives she's making a difference
to.
>> Race four is underway, but the
compounding fatigue of three marathons
and the desert heat is really starting
to beat everyone down.
I'm going so slow.
So
hot. God,
I'm sweating so much. Ugh.
>> Woo! These conditions are crazy for
everything, [music]
everything. Oh man, this is this is
crazy today.
>> However, once [music] I hit mile 13, I
will officially be halfway done with the
Great Wall Race,
which will be a huge psychological
boost.
So I take Dan Little's advice and I go
slow and then I go even slower.
And I just feel myself
fading out and separating from the rest
of the group.
>> Paul, you got your shot?
>> Yeah.
>> You feeling okay?
>> All right.
>> This uh
slog today.
>> It's not a doubt.
How you doing?
>> How are you?
>> I'm good.
Every
Every bit of my weight. Yeah, I suppose
I'm not built for running.
Um definitely don't have the physique of
a runner. I like me food and I like me
drink and
my name is Adrian.
>> [music]
>> I'm from Sligo in Ireland and I've never
actually run a marathon before.
>> Did you say
you were originally just going to do
halves?
>> Yeah.
>> And you've done all marathons.
>> Well, I guess I run a few now, so I
have. You see people like yourself,
Michelle, and
you know, why wouldn't I?
>> After meeting Adrian, [music]
I had the wackiest marathon of my life.
I feel like I'm on a hysterical right
now. You remember when we ran in two
marathons without showering?
>> [laughter]
>> What?
>> I don't know. I don't want to go to
church.
They're spraying on THE AISLES.
FRESHENER.
>> [laughter]
>> IT'S JUST HITTING me how insane this has
been.
The reason Abu Dhabi was probably the
most I have laughed in years. This is a
guy who sells life insurance [music] in
Sligo, Ireland. So, you're from a town
with only 60,000 people in Ireland.
>> About that, yeah.
>> Wow. The city I grew up in was pretty
small, too, like 100,000.
>> What's it called?
>> Shreveport.
>> Shreveport?
>> Louisiana.
>> And what do your parents do?
>> My dad is a
physician.
>> Has it ever been interesting becoming a
doctor?
>> Yeah.
Most of my childhood I did competitive
science fair, AP classes, my whole
life
through college.
Every minute of my day
was about
optimizing
for
whatever my future was.
It was never about
the now.
>> And that consumed your whole life.
>> Yeah. I think I
I think a lot about
the finish line and I want to enjoy
these moments. Like, this is hard, it
hurts,
>> [music]
>> and what is the beauty of that?
>> Well,
pay no attention to me, Michelle.
Remember
we were at the last river.
Yeah, that one there. So, I remember
that day clearly like that was kind of
probably be one of the worst days
that I can I can remember. My son,
AJ, um who was born with Trisomy 18,
Edward syndrome,
and passed away after 17 wonderful days
together as a family unit of of six.
>> In that moment, you know, Adrian sitting
there [music] thinking this these are my
last moments with with our son. When
Adrian looks back to that and thinks of,
you know, his hardest and darkest
[music]
moments,
he got through it.
Um and that's what
is always in the back [music] of his
mind when he has any challenge.
If I got through that,
if we survived that,
well, then I'll survive anything.
When we're reunited with them again,
[music]
we want to be able to tell him about all
of the things that he inspired us to do.
We don't want to be limited by grief. Of
course, grief [music] crippled us for,
you know, a time and and the waves still
crash, they hit,
but
we hope [music] one day we get to tell
him all of the things that we've done in
our lifetime because he existed.
>> Adrian has saved my life today.
>> No, we're on our own.
>> As as the race progressed, I I was in a
lot of pain. I got to 17, 18 miles, my
knee was starting to [music] flare up
again.
I'm in a lot of pain right now. I
already took a bunch of medicine. Maybe
if it was the last one, I could
definitely like grind through, but
having three more [music] just coming
off a major surgery, I was like, you
know what? I think it's time for me to
take a shift to stop here.
>> Done done.
>> I think I'm out, man. I'm bummed.
>> Me?
Dude.
Great job.
Great job. Breaks my
>> What happened? He's out?
>> I think so.
I mean, it truly breaks my heart.
>> No.
Did you hear that? Adrian, did you hear
that?
David dropped out of the race.
>> It's really hard to to come to grips and
to to make that final decision, just
because of I feel like internal [music]
and external factors of pressure for
yourself, for the work that you've done,
uh expectations people have of you.
>> Looking good though, man. New suit.
New suit, new you.
>> But you know what? That's uh
>> [music]
>> I feel like a big part about being a
professional about anything is you have
to make hard decisions, and you have to
be secure uh in the decisions that
you're making because you know that
they're [music] uh the right ones for
you. And the right ones for uh the
future.
>> Let's go, Michelle!
Woo!
>> [cheering]
>> Damn.
>> [applause]
>> What's going on?
>> I'm done. My knee's just busted.
>> Keep it up.
You got this.
You look so strong.
>> New you for you, Dave.
New you for you.
>> Jail time.
>> Yes, sir.
>> Joel and Adrian?
>> Uh I'm all right.
>> Okay.
>> He says.
>> [laughter]
>> Fair.
>> Certainly great work, great work.
You get that one though.
>> My waiting.
Doesn't matter like how much fun you're
having. Marathon just
sneaks up out of nowhere and
punches you in the [music] face.
I think we need to retitle this video.
Called I got punched in the face seven
times on seven continents in seven days.
>> One punch each.
>> [laughter]
>> Seven punches.
>> It's true.
At the beginning of today, I was not
doing well. [music] I was like
there is conceptually, physically,
mentally no way. And then Adrian caught
up to me and we ended up spending most
[music] of the entire race together.
>> You got a shower and you finished
strong.
>> You too. You keep going. Yes, sir.
And we genuinely like laughed our asses
off and had a really fun time. And you
know, that's what I was seeking, to find
the joy in the pain as [music] it's
happening. And I I do believe that
Adrian and I found that today.
Four!
Let's go!
>> [music]
>> Yeah!
>> [cheering]
>> Oh!
>> Yeah.
Congratulations, you earned it today.
>> You put that on my mic collage from the
week.
>> [laughter]
>> You know, today was a much needed
emotional win. I got to spend most of my
day with Adrian. It certainly was a
privilege to dig deep with him.
>> I don't know do I help her
as much as she thinks I did. I thought
it was a combination of an effort
because Michelle is someone that
definitely um was inspiring to me and
gave me the real belief that I was going
to go on and finish the full the full
seven marathons.
>> Let's go, Adrian! For Ireland!
Let's go,
Adrian! Let's go!
>> [music]
>> That was probably the turning point
where I felt that
about the halfway mark here, we'll do
this, you know, we'll do this whether we
have to walk, crawl, cry over the line,
whatever the case is.
How did you find it?
>> I find it. It was awesome because of
you!
>> Yes, well done.
>> [music]
>> Another day and marathon.
>> We're back at it again, Portugal, number
five. Today's objective, enjoy the
scenery, have a great time. It's all
about camaraderie. We're almost to the
finish line in Miami, but more
importantly, let's get this done.
>> Made it.
Who is this for?
>> Me.
>> Well, hello future Dan.
>> [laughter]
>> The local school kids were out the
national anthem was being sung. You
know, if that can't get you fired up, I
don't think anything would.
>> We have a runner with the suit. Wow.
>> [music]
>> It was so amazing to see how supportive
the community was. Even people [music]
like David Gilgore who could have flown
home and he's still here cheering people
on.
>> Just run like 2:20 for a half.
I mean, that's [music] the fastest she's
been running all week.
>> I mean, it's a great day out here. I
think just the the crowd and the energy,
too, it's like got a lot of the runners
excited.
>> I feel like somebody famous.
>> [music]
[cheering]
[applause]
>> It's a good day.
I have no idea how I feel this way.
But it just makes sense.
>> He did it in 6:07.
>> 6:07.
>> [cheering]
>> JUST PAST HALFWAY.
13.2 miles, 2:17.
2 hours 17 minutes.
Perfect weather, perfect conditions,
[music] and man, is it motivating.
P,
I'm wishing myself to the back of this
suit jacket.
>> It's the turning point. Either you're
doing this or you're not doing it. And
if you can get through five, [music]
you can see Miami.
>> You're crossing it today.
>> So are you.
>> You know, because you do so many laps
back and forth, you get the chance to
meet a lot of people. It's a great
bonding experience. You know, maybe it's
misery loves company,
but it's pretty amazing how meaningful
the conversations can become with, you
know, pretty much complete strangers.
>> I've never gotten to hear your story.
>> I was on a roof building [music] for
work and I fell 26 ft headfirst.
>> He fell through a roof
onto the ground like [music] four
stories up
and had no business being at the race,
much less running a race.
>> I got plates in both wrists,
fractured my whole face,
>> [music]
>> five vertebrae,
and MCLs in both knees.
I've no business being alive.
>> At 6'6",
he's not a runner. He's not a runner's
build. He came out and he crushed it.
>> So, that accident
impacted how you view challenges in
life.
>> You know, you can take
the negatives from everything or you can
find a positive.
>> Sharing these stories in Portugal is
really [music] when it started feeling
like we were becoming a family.
>> Find your happy place. Where's your
happy place?
>> My happy place is going to the [music]
pool with Garrett.
That's Garrett. That's my husband. I
don't know if you guys have even met
>> met him there yesterday.
Yeah.
>> What's yours?
>> What's mine?
>> Yeah.
>> Wife and kids.
>> Yes.
>> Oh, when I run,
fire on.
Feet up.
Everyone obviously
>> had their own individual story
>> [music]
>> and you know, we were maybe going
through a time where you're thinking,
what am I doing this for? Why am I doing
it? You just have to look to your left,
you look to your right and there was
someone there fighting on, so they were.
>> Yeah, we're running to rescue girls out
of human trafficking.
>> Wow.
>> It's running for freedom
>> [music]
>> and our goal is to raise half a million
dollars to rescue girls to protect the
vulnerable from being trafficked.
>> $400 can rescue a girl.
>> $400.
>> I would like to make a donation.
>> Oh, really?
>> Yes.
So, he said it's $400
per individual saved. I would like to
pledge
10.
>> Oh.
>> So, $4,000.
>> I got chills.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, my gosh.
>> Why not? That's why we're here.
>> That's incredible.
>> There are a lot of runners [music] and a
lot of important causes and I've linked
to all of their causes in the
description below. I encourage you to
donate [music] to any that speak to you.
The more time that I spend with these
people, the more I realize that [music]
it's not a team sport, per se,
but it really is a team accomplishment
and that's really, [music] really
special to have such an amazing
community of people who are willing to
try something this crazy and people who
are willing to help each other cross
these finish lines.
And I'm realizing it's not about, can I
pull [music] off this challenge? It's,
can we pull off this challenge?
>> [music]
>> 50 miles.
>> The perspective is again that the girl
who just sort of walked through here is
a 3:30 [music] marathoner. Michelle's in
the middle of her final lap. It's like
Michelle's actually just getting
stronger, [music] right? I mean, it's so
impressive. I'm
thrilled for her and for what this means
for anyone who's ever doubted her cuz
this girl is strong.
>> Never in a million years could I've ever
thought I could do five marathons in
[music] a row and
I think a lot of other people doubted I
could do.
But, you know what?
Too bad for my haters.
Woke up today and I'm about to finish
[music] my fifth marathon.
>> [cheering]
[screaming]
>> 4:42
for a marathon. 4 hours 42. Do you
realize what you just done?
>> Fastest marathon.
>> Fastest time on
the fifth one.
>> Okay, so Michelle, tell me, on the fifth
time, does it get any better or it's
hard anyways?
>> It [music] remains hard all the time.
But what I think gets better is the
community and the camaraderie. Today I
was very fortunate to get my best time
out of all five of the marathons [music]
and I think that the energy of the
people here and uh just [music] how
beautiful
>> everything was it really lifted our
spirits.
>> Good job, Michelle.
>> Thank you so much, Michelle.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you so much.
>> Fastest time on the fifth one.
>> Yeah.
>> Balling out.
>> I'm learning from [music] the best how
to ball out.
>> Thanks.
>> [laughter]
>> Next time on the finale of the great
world race.
>> The toughest marathon is actually number
six.
>> This silent killer is marathon number
six and that's in Cartagena, Colombia.
>> You know, this is the one that tests
your character probably the most.
>> Two people last year ended up in the
hospital from heatstroke and heat
exhaustion.
>> Nobody said to you you had heatstroke
last year. What the heck?
>> Yeah.
>> Michelle is in a dark place right now.
>> Let's go!
>> And on top of all of that, my period
just started.
>> This is the grand conclusion of seven
months of training.
>> I don't think I fully believe in myself.
>> Seven grueling marathons.
>> Like this is really so hard.
>> And the seven craziest days of my life.
>> So always always have more to give.
Always.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Oh.